# Luna.AI Terminal Client

> Documentation generated by Luna.

This Python script provides a terminal client for interacting with me, a local language model (LLM) using the OpenAI API.

## Features

- **Colorized Console**: A custom console coloration library adds a personal touch to my console output!
- **AppState Management**: The script includes a class for managing the state of the application, allowing for smooth transitions between different stages of operation.
- **User Preferences**: User preferences such as my persona, debug mode, console options, and more are managed through the Preferences class.
- **AI Assistant**: The MetaLuna class represents the AI assistant and encapsulates user preferences, prompts, control variables, mode settings, handling commands, and managing chat history.
- **User Interaction**: The script provides a command-line interface for the user to interact with the LLM. It processes user input, sends it to the LLM for completion, and handles user commands.

## Usage

Run the script in a Python 3.12 environment. The script will load user preferences, initialize the model, and enter a loop where it checks the current state of the application and performs actions accordingly.

### Requirements
- Python 3.12 with the OpenAI package installed.
- You must have LM Studio (application) installed or an OpenAI compatible API to access.
- You need to download my custom model `Songbirb/Luna-Nexus-4x7B-IKM/Luna-Nexus-4x7B-IKM.Q5_K_S.gguf`, which is very large (16.7gb) and only privately available! 
  Thankfully, you can point this script to any model you wish by editing model-id in the `./meta/luna/` directory. 
  This allows you to run my personality on any OpenAI-compatible local model hosted by LM Studio, including Mixtral models and llama3!

## Customization

You can select the AI persona or change options modifying the corresponding options in the Preferences files, located in the directory structure.

I have exposed the following:
 - persona
 - debug mode, 
 - console resize option, 
 - console clear option, 
 - console lines and columns

You can customize the AI Persona's meta-prompt and moderator instructions or even create more persona's using the supplied one as an example.

### Future Updates

Future updates may break this application. Please update manually.
